Roadmap.md, before:

You'll have a better idea of where we are going in terms of the concepts you will learn in this book, which is why I created this roadmap. Part I will be focused on setting up our develop environment. Installing XAMPP, creating our database, and setting up our php configuration are the hot topics of part I.

- Introduction
    - How the system will look when completed (screenshots)
    - Why PHP & Laravel
    - Required software, tools and techniques used in the book
    - Feature list
    - Layers in software architecture
        - Presentation
        - Database / Persistence
        - API

- Part I : Setting up Our Development Environment
    - Installing XAMPP or WAMP for windows
        - Set up Apache
            - Set up virtual host
        - Start httpd and mysql processes   
    - Create MySQL database
    - Install some type of visual database manager
        - The example we will install is phpmyadmin
- Part II: The Domain Layer
    - Data Models
        - Intro to Eloquent ORM
            - Eloquent commands
        - Definition of a model & business process
        - Defining our required tables as a series of data models (migrations)
        - Defining the relationships between data models and exposing/overriding methods defined the Eloquent base model class (which all entities will extend)
    - Intro to E-commerce
        - Definition
        - Basic Entities in an E-Commerce system
            - Products
            - prices
            - description
            - availability
            - Categories
            - Shopping Carts
            - Payment Transactions
            - Orders
    - Configuring Data Models with Eloquent
        - Defining these entities and relationships as a series of data models
        - {Code out each model & explain their relationships}
        - {Create migrations for each data model}
        - {Run commands to process the migrations}
        - Creating test data with fixtures
- Part III : Creating a System with Laravel
    - Intro to Laravel (keep breif)
        - MVC
        - What, Why, How
        - The flexibility that the framework provides
        - Importance of creating a modular application that can be extended
        - Don't reinvent the wheel, use code that is already proven to dependable solutions to common web development problems (authorization, encryption, UI, routing, etc)
        - Laravel Components
            - Routes
            - Controllers
            - HTTP Requests & Responses
            - Listeners & Events
            - Service Container
    - Routes
        - Intro
            - (brief intro to HTTP)
                - GET and POST methods
            - specify HTTP methods for each route
            - passing data between requests using Laravel's helper methods & session handling mechanisms
            - Defining actions inside controllers & wiring up the routes with the corresponding controller method
        - Configuring the routes for our application
    - Easy Authentication with Laravel
        - Implementing authentication with a simple Artisan command - make:auth
        - Explain login form / auth controller / checking credentials
        - Go through process of registration
        - General explanation of the Laravel authentication process
    - The View Layer
        - Intro to presentation layer
        - Intro to blade template engine
        - Describe all views and their purpose in the application: 
            - Categories
            - Individual Product Pages
            - checkout page
            - home page splash screen
            - multiple product view
            - cart view
                - deleting items
                - changing questions
                - shipping information / estimates 
            - User profile page
            - Payment page
        - {Build out page templates, controller actions, requests}
    - Utilizing existing software packages 
        - Describe the pre-built solutions that integrate easily into Laravel
        - List the ones that are going to be used inside this system
            - 
    - Tying everything together
        - Describe the interactions between the different layers of the application and the domain models
        - "Wire" together all views created in previous chapter with their corresponding controllers:
            - HomeController
            - ProductController
            - CartController
            - CategoryController
            - OrderController
            - UserController
            - PaymentController
            - AjaxController
            - ProfileController
    - Forms
        - Leveraging Laravel's Form Component
        - Creating forms that actually correlate to the data models
        - The form submission process
            - Form Handlers
            - Form Requests (post)
            - Responses
        - Form validation (input validation)
        - Implement logic for submitted forms 
            - Controller methods
            - Form Handlers

Commit message:

Added some more intro content and a few personal opinions

Roadmap.md, after:

You'll have a better idea of where we are going in terms of theconcepts you will learn in this book, which is why I created
this roadmap. Part I will be focused on setting up our 
develop environment. Installing XAMPP, creating our database,
and setting up our php configuration are the hot topics of
part I.

- Introduction
    - How the system will look when completed (screenshots)
    - Why PHP & Laravel
    - Required software, tools and techniques used in the book
    - Feature list
    - Layers in software architecture
        - Presentation
        - Database / Persistence
        - API

- Part I : Setting up Our Development Environment
    - Installing XAMPP or WAMP for windows
        - Set up Apache
            - Set up virtual host
        - Start httpd and mysql processes   
    - Create MySQL database
    - Install some type of visual database manager
        - The example we will install is phpmyadmin
- Part II: The Domain Layer
    - Data Models
        - Intro to Eloquent ORM
            - Eloquent commands
        - Definition of a model & business process
        - Defining our required tables as a series of data models (migrations)
        - Defining the relationships between data models and exposing/overriding methods defined the Eloquent base model class (which all entities will extend)
    - Intro to E-commerce
        - Definition
        - Basic Entities in an E-Commerce system
            - Products
            - prices
            - description
            - availability
            - Categories
            - Shopping Carts
            - Payment Transactions
            - Orders
    - Configuring Data Models with Eloquent
        - Defining these entities and relationships as a series of data models
        - {Code out each model & explain their relationships}
        - {Create migrations for each data model}
        - {Run commands to process the migrations}
        - Creating test data with fixtures
- Part III : Creating a System with Laravel
    - Intro to Laravel (keep breif)
        - MVC
        - What, Why, How
        - The flexibility that the framework provides
        - Importance of creating a modular application that can be extended
        - Don't reinvent the wheel, use code that is already proven to dependable solutions to common web development problems (authorization, encryption, UI, routing, etc)
        - Laravel Components
            - Routes
            - Controllers
            - HTTP Requests & Responses
            - Listeners & Events
            - Service Container
    - Routes
        - Intro
            - (brief intro to HTTP)
                - GET and POST methods
            - specify HTTP methods for each route
            - passing data between requests using Laravel's helper methods & session handling mechanisms
            - Defining actions inside controllers & wiring up the routes with the corresponding controller method
        - Configuring the routes for our application
    - Easy Authentication with Laravel
        - Implementing authentication with a simple Artisan command - make:auth
        - Explain login form / auth controller / checking credentials
        - Go through process of registration
        - General explanation of the Laravel authentication process
    - The View Layer
        - Intro to presentation layer
        - Intro to blade template engine
        - Describe all views and their purpose in the application: 
            - Categories
            - Individual Product Pages
            - checkout page
            - home page splash screen
            - multiple product view
            - cart view
                - deleting items
                - changing questions
                - shipping information / estimates 
            - User profile page
            - Payment page
        - {Build out page templates, controller actions, requests}
    - Utilizing existing software packages 
        - Describe the pre-built solutions that integrate easily into Laravel
        - List the ones that are going to be used inside this system
    - Tying everything together
        - Describe the interactions between the different layers of the application and the domain models
        - "Wire" together all views created in previous chapter with their corresponding controllers:
            - HomeController
            - ProductController
            - CartController
            - CategoryController
            - OrderController
            - UserController
            - PaymentController
            - AjaxController
            - ProfileController
    - Forms
        - Leveraging Laravel's Form Component
        - Creating forms that actually correlate to the data models
        - The form submission process
            - Form Handlers
            - Form Requests (post)
            - Responses
        - Form validation (input validation)
        - Implement logic for submitted forms 
            - Controller methods
            - Form Handlers
Part IV : Continuous Integration
    - Introduction to CI
        - Why it is important
        - The importance of automation
            - Jobs and automated tasks
        - Testing
            - Intro
            - Basics of phpunit
        - Automate testing after every code change to ensure quality
