Web development, in my opinion, entails using intense logical reasoning and creative thinking to elegantly implement a solution to a given problem in the form of code. That's a pretty brief and shallow definition and it is much more involved than that, but it gives an idea of how I perceive programming to be. It is an industry that is constantly changing and redefining itself. New libraries, frameworks, tools and languages are always popping up (virtually) overnight. It's more difficult than ever to keep up with this fast paced industry. 

Aspiring developers have so many options and choices available for them to pick from that they often times pick the wrong path of learning or worse, bad learning resources. what I am starting to see in the industry is a new generation of programmers using last generation's technology. A contributing factor to this is the amount of publications that are being produced that teach bad practices... As an example: Recently here I purchased a book that claimed to teach anyone how to build an e-commerce platform from the ground up using in php in just one weekend. That's a pretty bold statement seeing how complex e-commerce platforms can be. 
 
After I started reading it I realized how they were able to claim to teach you how to build an fully featured e-commerce platform in only two days... All the actual code you build is hellish at best. The architecture knows no real object structure nor does it seem to have any care for the separation of concerns or follow any modular .